---
id: 2023-02-19
aliases:
  - February 19, 2024
tags:
  - daily-notes
References:
  - "[[Gender Differences]]"
  - "[[2023-02-19|February 19, 2024]]"
---

# February 19, 2024

Today went OK. Work stuff aside. Addie and I got to play together a LOT today. She
kept running around in circles in the living room and I had to chase her or hold her
hand. She was so full of happiness. I love her so much :) . Clare and I were having a
nice time to until we got into it about the way she was talking about men. I didn't
like the way she talked about men as a group and the connotation it implied. On whole
I don't want to raise our kids to have a negative view of either gender and sometimes
it feels as though as a society we are really OK with lambasting and making fun of
men. I don't like it. There are problems that need to be called out sure, there are
also a hell of a lot of bad men out there. But I don't think that we should take those
realities and use it as an excuse to stereotype and demonize. I think there is a
danger in that. She felt like I was making the "not all men" argument. To be fair I
get why she felt that way, but my argument was never intended as a not all men one.
It was more of a "hey lets be cognizant of how we are speaking about the opposite
gender. Its probably best if we don't say things that can lead to negative
connotations for the gender ass a whole." I think when we allow ourselves to speak
negatively of the other gender as a whole or in majority, that we are creating a
environment where negative stereo types and toxic behaviors can flourish or spawn.
There is a lot I could say on the matter but maybe that should be for another note?
IDK. I really see where she is coming from. Too often men will come in when there is
a legitimate criticism being made and say "Not all men do that! How dare You". Then
they use that as a way to invalidate the underlying critique. But I think that saying
things like "Most men are horrible" and "I don't like men" can lead to some toxic ways
of thinking/behaving, and don't think that if it were said the other way that it would
be considered OK. We had a heated but ultimately good convoy on it. She gave me an
article to read which I will. Maybe I'll take notes on it and put them in my swankey
new set up.

Before that though we were having a great day. Mood was light. Clare and ads went out
to the store, Clare was able to get a couple sweatshirts she liked from marshals and
Addie picked out a new leash for Gracie. It was really cute to see how pumped she was
about it. I also got time to set up my obsidian notes environment (what am writing in
now). And I was able to update my neovim set up to allow myself to work inside my
vaults, and have cool key maps to make it easier to work in.

OH! I also did a really good workout today. I have been using the RP Hypertrophy app
to plan my workouts and so far I am really liking it. My next workout is on Thursday,
the 22nd. Right now I am only doing two workouts a week because I am recovering from
shoulder surgery and have lots of pt to do. So I am trying to give my body the time
it needs to heal. My workouts are ALLLLL legs. This is neat because it gives me a
chance or an excuse to focus on my lower body. This is an area I have neglected for a
long time due to my knee injury and, lets be honest, people don't look at your legs to
see if you look jacked. I have been training them specifically for about 4 weeks now
though and have grown to really enjoy it. My next workout looks like it will really
push my limits.

PT is going OK. I have gained a lot of my range of motion back but still have a
LONGGGG way to go. still can not make my arm straight over my head. Lateral raises
(unweighted) don't got above my shoulder. My external rotation is only about 30%
recovered and the behind the back thing that I cant remember what its called is
laughably bad. I can basically only touch the back of my hand to my butt ATM.

I think this is plenty for my first note. Had a lot more to write than I thought.
Hopefully this will be a habit i stick to :D
