---
id: Mara-lago use of deadly force
aliases: []
tags: []
---


My thoughts: 

The use of deadly force seems to be clearly stated to limit when it can be used. It
specifically limits when and under what circumstances force can be authorized. More
over it seems that the use of deadly force policy is included in all fbi operations
documents. This includes the search of Joe Biden’s house when he had documents. The
raid was also conducted when trump and his family were not present

Statements: 
1. Frank Figliuzzi - former assistant FBI director for counterintelligence:
     -  “every FBI operations order contains a reminder of FBI deadly force policy.
        Even for a search warrant. Deadly force is always authorized if the required
        threat presents itself.”[twitter link
        (X)](https://x.com/FrankFigliuzzi1/status/1793052687900049735) 
 2. Steven D’Antuono - former fbi assistant director testimony: 
     - “We made sure we interacted with the Secret Service to make sure we could get
       into Mar-a-Lago with no issues”
       https://docs.house.gov/meetings/JU/JU00/20230621/116122/HHRG-118-JU00-20230621-SD018.pdf

Source: law enforcement operations order

https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/24688645-trump-mar-a-lago-search-order ##
page 11 mentions deadly force 6 times

POLICY STATEMENT USE OF DEADLY FORCE (7/19/2022) 1. Law enforcement officers of the
Department of Justice may use deadly force only when necessary, that is, when the
officer has a reasonable belief that the subject of such force poses an imminent
danger of death or serious physical injury to the officer or to another person. 

Deadly force may not be used solely to prevent the escape of a fleeing suspect. 

Specifically, firearms may not be discharged at a moving vehicle unless: i. a person
in the vehicle is threatening the officer or another person with deadlyforce by means
other than the vehicle; or ii. the vehicle is operated in a manner that threatens to
cause death or serious physical injury to the officer or others, and no other
objectively reasonable means of defense appear to exist, which includes moving out of
the path of the vehicle. 

If feasible and if to do so would not increase the danger to the officer or others, a
verbal warning to submit to the authority of officer shall be given prior to the use
of deadlyforce. 

Deadly force should not be used against persons whose actions are a threat solely to
themselves or property unless an individual poses an imminent danger of death or
serious physical injury to the officer or others in close proximity. 2. 

❑ Non DOJ Deadly Force Policy Addressed "All Non DOJ personnel will abide by their
own agency's Deadly Force Policy" This Document has been prepared by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation Unclassified Subject to Protective Order 10 USA-01 285183
Per. 18 Per. 23 Per. 6 Case 9:23-cr-80101-AMC Document 566-3 Entered on FLSD Docket
05/21/2024 Page 11 of 26
