---
id: Pence mentions in J6 speech
aliases: []
tags: []
---

## Pence references in jannuary 6 speech:

1 (6 mentions)

And he looked at Mike Pence, and I hope Mike is going to do the right thing. I hope
so. I hope so.

Because if Mike Pence does the right thing, we win the election. All he has to do,
all this is, this is from the number one, or certainly one of the top, Constitutional
lawyers in our country. He has the absolute right to do it. We're supposed to protect
our country, support our country, support our Constitution, and protect our
constitution.

States want to revote. The states got defrauded. They were given false information.
They voted on it. Now they want to recertify. They want it back. All Vice President
Pence has to do is send it back to the states to recertify and we become president
and you are the happiest people.

And I actually, I just spoke to Mike. I said: "Mike, that doesn't take courage. What
takes courage is to do nothing. That takes courage." And then we're stuck with a
president who lost the election by a lot and we have to live with that for four more
years. We're just not going to let that happen.

2 (1 mention)

And Mike Pence is going to have to come through for us, and if he doesn't, that will
be a, a sad day for our country because you're sworn to uphold our Constitution.

3 (2 mentions)

By the way, Pennsylvania has now seen all of this. They didn't know because it was so
quick. They had a vote. They voted. But now they see all this stuff, it's all come to
light. Doesn't happen that fast. And they want to recertify their votes. They want to
recertify. But the only way that can happen is if Mike Pence agrees to send it back.
Mike Pence has to agree to send it back.

4 (1 mention)

The radical left knows exactly what they're doing. They're ruthless and it's time
that somebody did something about it. And Mike Pence, I hope you're going to stand up
for the good of our Constitution and for the good of our country. And if you're not,
I'm going to be very disappointed in you. I will tell you right now. I'm not hearing
good stories.

5 (1 mention)

The Republicans have to get tougher. You're not going to have a Republican Party if
you don't get tougher. They want to play so straight. They want to play so, sir, yes,
the United States. The Constitution doesn't allow me to send them back to the States.
Well, I say, yes it does, because the Constitution says you have to protect our
country and you have to protect our Constitution, and you can't vote on fraud. And
fraud breaks up everything, doesn't it? When you catch somebody in a fraud, you're
allowed to go by very different rules.

So I hope Mike has the courage to do what he has to do. And I hope he doesn't listen
to the RINOs and the stupid people that he's listening to.

Trump tweets about Pence on Jan 6

6

If Vice President @Mike_Pence comes through for us, we will win the Presidency. Many
States want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect & even
fraudulent numbers in a process NOT approved by their State Legislatures (which it
must be). Mike can send it back!

7

Mike Pence didn't have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our
Country and our Constitution, giving States a chance to certify a corrected set of
facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously
certify. USA demands the truth!

Jan 6 time line

1:02pm

Pence refuses to go along with Trump's plan to pick and choose electors, and tweets a
letter stating in part, "It is my considered judgment that my oath to support and
defend the Constitution constrains me from claiming unilateral authority to determine
which electoral votes should be counted and which should not."

2:24pm

President Trump tweets "Mike Pence didn't have the courage to do what should have
been done to protect our Country and our Constitution, giving States a chance to
certify a corrected set of facts, not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they
were asked to previously certify. USA demands the truth!"

Within an hour after this tweet, Pat Cipollone complained to Mark Meadows that "we
need to do something more. Theyâ€™re literally calling for the Vice President to be
[fucking] hung." Meadows suggested that there was nothing to do, given that Trump
"thinks Mike deserves it." According to Trump aide Nick Luna, when Trump was told
that Pence had to be moved for his safety, Trump responded: "So what?"

